[content]
変わり行く季節が　街並み染めてゆく
曖昧な時間が流れて
涙色の空を　僕は見つめていた
悲しみの　波が押し寄せる

夢は遠くまで
はっきりと見えていたのに
大切なものを　見失った

あの日交わした約束は砕けて散った
激しく儚い　記憶のカケラ
たとえ二人並んで見た夢から覚めても
この想い　忘れはしない　ずっと

色褪せた景色を　風が流れてゆく
思い出は　そっと甦る

通い慣れた道　歩み進んでも戻れない
最初の嘘　最後の言葉

強がってばっか　誤魔化す　感情に
過ぎ去った季節からの解答
So　今さら何も出来やしないって
分かってたって　もぅダメみたい
所詮繰り返すだけの自問自答
重ね続けてる現状
長い夜　一人静けさを照らす街灯
思い出が走馬灯の様に
グルグル脳裏を走り出す
淡い記憶に何度もしがみつこうとするが
消えてしまう

悲しみのMerry-Go-Round
真夜中のMelody Slow Dance

あの日交わした約束は砕けて散った
激しく儚い　記憶のカケラ
たとえ二人並んで見た夢から覚めても
この想い　忘れはしない　ずっと
追憶の　日々が照らす　今を';
I prefer this song sped up a little.
10 years ago i miss it :)
良い歌だね♪。
通い慣れた道 ココらへんホリケンに聞こえるｗ
パチンコ、パチスロにいかないでいいやん。何故そっちに、、、
i watch this anime  from episode 1 to episode 52  straight  that's why this 
anime is in my all time favorites anime i got hook up from story and can't 
wait another day to finish because this anime is so awesome ^_^
 #ureka seven
名作の影に感じるなつかしさという感情。
Cool
Cool i love it
Best opening then the second
Speaking of 7, Samurai 7 is a pretty decent series.
People just have no idea who much i love this anime/manga
Eureka 7! My Favourite Anime!!!
I loved the art style in this anime.
I hope there will be a new season with renton, eureka and the old crew that 
tells the story after the original series, astral ocean was really 
dissapointing and its end was more than open...
They took it off sega
Just watch it on Crunchyroll. It's legal and free.
This was a Sunday morning breakfast kids cartoon in Japan. True fact. 
code geass op is very similar to this
I haven't seen it yet and am sooooo tempted to watch it on there as well, 
but I'm forcing myself to see if Funi ever does re-release it.
this show gets me all emotional even just the opening,
I'd wait for a reissue, since one of the DVD volumes is mega expensive, and 
Parts 1 and 2 of the Anime Legends versions are pretty expensive too. The 
only problem is, it's unknown if it'll be reissued :/ I'm assuming it will 
be, since Funimation got Eureka Seven AO. I really hope they re-release the 
original series because I haven't seen it yet and missed the recent showing 
on Toonami :/ And there's nowhere the streams this legally.
Me to
Mechas on Hoverboards! Yeah! Try to top that, Mr. Card Games on 
Motorcycles... *crickets chirp* Oh... well. Okay. This anime was dayum good 
though. Like. Shit. There isn't like another anime like it out there. Which 
is weird cuz generally, there's alot of anime you can compare and say "oh 
it's just like that but with this" But this? Nope. Eureka 7 is only like 
Eureka 7. 
this anime made my heart hurt. i miss this so much
Missing the old days :P Love this song and Erueka7!
images.4channel.org/f/src/eureka_14_inches.swf :DD
dejenme decirles me gusto mucho este anime pero no me eh visto el AO me lo 
recomiendan??? osea sigue la historia de la primera temporada o es 
totalmente aparte
Tambin es el segundo openings de Eureka Seven AO =D
Dat Anime.
zuper opEning !!! ^_^
eureka seven le meilleur anim du Monde .... euh de l'univers plutt ;)
Sip es el mismo grupo se llama "FLOW", el tema de Code Geass se llama 
"Colors" :)
se parece a un op de code geass jajaja de kasualidad no la kanta el mismo 
grupo?
oe, se ve weno, la verda es q no le caxo, pero, x lo menos el tema esta 
genial.. si lo pillas x ahi (la cansion) me la regalas... ^^
