懐かしぃ…涙出てくるこれ、、
Dont beg for things. Do it yourself, and you will have it. 
なんでかな、この綺麗な声聴くと自然と涙が出るんだ
Oh! how i miss this anime soo freaking much :')
When im bored i listen to this
i used to skip this ending pob just cuz i wanted to see the next ep, but 
after finishing the series, this stands as my fav ending theme
レントンとエウレカの成長には本当に魅せられた

いい歌過ぎてやばい、、、、( ;∀;)
30代のおっさんだけどこの曲聞いて癒されてます
とてもあったかい気持ちにさせてくれる
哀愁
Eureka 7 is the first anime i've seen in adulthood. 7 years have passed and 
I still believe it's one of the best.
金バエ
なんていうか、心の奥から「うわぁ、、ぁ」ってなる曲だわ。
This song fits the anime so perfectly, man, I love this song so much and I 
always wanted to live in the Eureka Seven universe...
right in the feels. oh memories
心にジーンときますね；；
I love this video to first saw this when I was 17 and love Renton and 
eureka <3
The feels come right back
I first watched this when I was 11 y/o and now I'm 19! How fast time flies 
:( this is the only anime which satisfied me, and made me sad and happy at 
the same time. I even came into a decision wherein I won't watch other 
animes coz of the fear of forgetting how beautiful this show is. I want 
another sequel for this, though. Not the e7ao, but a story of Renton and 
eureka living together. :(
This show taught me a lot about life. They had morals and lectures that 
teaches you about growing up, love, and responsibility. EUREKA SEVEN 
forever! 
歌詞がいいですな!
I whach it sinc i was 11 and im still 11 so what do you hav to say
nice
good hata ko pumbasy aty Aguyje ko pumbasy iemo'angypa ko'a la teko /subp
良いね。でも、なぜバジリスクの曲が入ってないか疑問。
Watched Eureka 7 on Netflix this year and boy did it feel nostalgic even 
though I've never seen it before. It reminded me of Full Metal Alchemist at 
times. This anime did have its quirks but it was a great joy to watch!
「好きな人をこの手で 守れると思っていた 本気で」
自分も、きっとそう思っていた昔があって
でも大人になる程、愚かになる
力が欲しい、神曲
I watch it when I was 25....
Yes memories it is 6 or 7 years since I watch this anime:)
一番好きな曲だ
the last episode, eureka gave me everything i wanted and expected but that 
made me so very sad because i wanted them to give me something unexpected, 
i wanted eureka to introduce to me something i never knew that i loved.
Saw this anime when I was 17....I'm still 17
love
"No matter how many times I stretch my hand, there was no chance that I 
would make it across that wide, wide sky  
But I never doubted anything, I believed in a beautiful future, when the 
hard times came up 
I couldn't fight back against, the big, big tears 
Although, I think my eyes were glittering more than anything, back then"
i want to be young forever :(
I love this song. It just brings back all the feels of the anime. Even 
though the ending was pretty lame :/ feel bad for those kids. They were 
only half a dozen years younger than the mc and they got fucking left in 
the care of the old retired guy. Feel bad for him :'D 
定期的に聴きたくなる
I didn't like e7 when I first saw it on [AS]. I'm re-watching it in Netflix 
and loving it. This is my fav song, so far, from the series; I usually let 
it play through before advancing eps.
あぁいい曲
Takada Kozue-Inko

You can thank me later
何回聞いてもいい歌だ！
  
#throwback

This show came out when I was 14, I'm 23 now. Still my favorite. 
my favorite from season 1 ^-^
stiil awsome
リアルとフィクション次元新二巻ね これだけ採用
なつかしい…!
小3位のときかな
もう9年もたつのか…
Bones... Do a really good sequel please...
I'm sobbing.
Its too bad E7 ao sucked
Eureka SeveN is now in Netflix and jus finished watching it! Boy is it 
soooooooooo gooooooooooood. The feels.
9 years... i feel old now...
the chills are real. 
In one of the final picture, Renton is with Eureka walking holding hands 
going back to home… I only blame E7 for one thing : we didn't see Renton 
and Eureka with their family, what happened to the members of the Gekko 
State, and many other things… I would prefer to see the 14th episode erased 
for a proper end. Then people would not be too harsh with AO.
レントンエウレカ大好きっ！AOは残念すぎる
AO was like fire emblem awakening, except it sucked massive dick.
This always be my favorite anime. ; w;... I grew up with it, Gonna die with 
it. <3
what's with all the hate on Eureka Seven AO? I personally thought it was 
good. It's not like the best anime ever, but it's not bad. Eureka and 
Renton will probably never be back if they made yet another sequel......if 
you seen the last 2 episodes you would know........
これはやばい。
この歌聴くとなんか泣けてくる。 スンゲーいい曲やなー
子供の頃大好きだったアニメ、懐かしいなぁ。 涙でてきた、、、
I liked the ending. :D 
A surprising ending is supposed to come out of nowhere
i think the a good part of the story leading up to the ending was super 
balls. it was convoluted and kind of came out of nowhere
The ending sucked balls? Umm, the manga ending was harsh, making Eureka go 
away, while Renton waits every day for her return. On the anime, they both 
go away, abandoning their lives, and then they were given another chance by 
Nirvash to return to Earth. I don't see how you can say that, unless you 
were speaking about Astral Ocean, that is
are you stupid E7 has one of the best endings ever...
Like if u crie evrytim
Seriously AO was such a disappointment, wish for a better sequel. But this 
song is in my heart, I miss eureka whenever I hear this song
love this closing and anime 
i grow up watching this show and it will always be in my heart
I've watched the Movie, I already have the series, watched the first 
episode, never have time to watch the rest, I'm not aware of AO, thanks for 
the warning, I might rethink watching it, after I finish the first series 
that is, I don't know when,LOL
久しぶりに見直したけどやはり文句なしの神アニメだった
Remember euraka seven Ao is in another timeline so it might of haf messef 
up everything in the future since eureka gave birth to Ao in thr past
To each their own but i would strongly disagree. For a DIRECT SEQUEL to an 
anime it fell short, very very short, of what Eureka Seven was. It started 
off alright but took way too long to get anywhere and the end result of the 
show was a major disappointment to the majority of people who watched it. 
It didn't even feel like a sequel, it just had similar elements to it and 
then they stuck Renton and Eureka in there for good measure (not).
Im sorry but i need to defend Eureka AO. It is a good anime but falls short 
of Eureka, if it was not a a direct sequel it would have been better, but i 
enjoyed it quite a bit i would give 8/10 or a high seven, its good but not 
as good, it had a different focus and it completed its aim quite well. 
Guys, can we forget the sequel and focus on this song? It's such an 
emotional, strong song. Eureka 7 thrived on its songs 
Hermosa cancion para un hermoso anime
懐かしい！ 
I never thought that an anime can be that this pretty good i mean 
perfect,firstly because characters that changes gradually and a love story 
that cant be more beutiful than this i personally wanna made my own movie 
about this with the name of the writer on it,its just really great series 
and movie
I wanna cry after Eureka 7 Ao, they just phucked up the series :c i miss 
Eureka and Renton, when they were young :'D
It's worth watching, even it sucks. If you really like original series, 
then you should watch AO. And yeah, prepare to puke on monitor(i'm jokin 
:P) :D After watching it you can just pretend that it never happened, like 
ShadowNny said. But for reasons, I couldn't do it :< It's so hard, man :'<
Oh yeah, that is something I'm interested in. I also remember there was a 
ring R. to C. that Renton has in his pocket, which I think is "Ray to 
Charles". Maybe. Or I guess the R. to E. ring was just the thing Command 
Cluster/Scub Coral made for Renton or Eureka... P.S.: My English is 
terrible, I know :P
I agree. I personally wanted them to fill in that plot hole with the 
wedding ring that was embedded into the amber that had Renton and Eureka's 
initials on it from the first series. Having Ao find that or explaining how 
it got there would be pretty cool.
I agree that Eureka 7 AO sucks. The only that satisfied me was episodes 
22-23, but damn, I'm not satisfied with this shitty end :< I WANNA SEE THE 
DAMN HAPPY END WITH ALL OF THURSTONS, I WANNA SEE OLD MEMBERS OF GEKKO 
STATE... I just wanna see a new sequel. Bones, pls.
Best anime ever I've watch series,ao,and movie and there all good,if I an 
adult I'll made this into 3 parts movie , I promise (live not animated) ;)
First Eureka Seven video to get 1 million views! :D
So ao is not worth watching?
Eureka seven ao*
Eureka seven will always be treasured simply because it exists. No one here 
can ever claim that they weren't excited as fuck when the first episode 
came out. It's true that the ending sucked balls. But the simple existence 
of the series is something to be happy about. It's not every day that we 
get a follow up series when we ask for one. The last time I remember it 
happening was with inuyasha the final act, and even then it was only the 
continuation that was meant to be.
Dat HQ audio.. Love it. Thanks for the upload lol
haaaaaaaaaa MR Barack Obama . . . masih bahasa indonesia . .? 
i was so excited when i heard they were making a new "season"...... Was so 
let down by AO.
Damn man. I read your old comment and felt sad :\ I didn't even watch AO 
past 19, just followed the weekly threads where people raged.
うーん神曲
I completely agree.... AO sucked.
Oh, man, reading this comment after how many months it has been is so 
ironic. AO ending up turning into incomprehensible trash about halfway 
through and didn't stop. I'm glad it's over with. As far as I'm concerned, 
AO never happened and is not canon.
