素晴らしい 有り難うございます。感謝いたします。これからも、宜しく、お願いいたします。JAPAN、
この衣装だけはまじですっき、それだけ。
慘過玩Photo. Hunter，係有地兩個。
やっぱりセンターにあっちゃんがいて、両サイドにゆうことかゆきりん、しのまりがいるのがAKBって感じがする。
あっちゃん可愛いすぎる
きゅんとくる
Allantae J. I fully agree with you. Indeed, she is too young to be a sex 
object but, to many viewers, she is exactly that. Sexual objectivity, like 
beauty is "in the eye of the beholder," as the poet so accurately remarked.
蒼この曲が一番好き(^^♪
YUI870326. I'd say that all Asians, like all Hispanics and all native 
Americans, look "a bit tanned." In any case, the color-balance in this take 
is atrocious - extraneous light from the background gives all the girls a 
blue tinge.
あっちゃんがセンターだったときはみんなちゃんとまとまってたね。それにいまに比べて歌ってる最中に変なポーズしたり、寝転がったり、遊んだりしてだらしない。
Akbがまだ人気無かったときはみんな必死で真面目に努力してきたのに。

板野はAKBの汚点です
Wikipedia defines AKB8 as the "most remarkable phenomenon in the history of 
Japanese popular entertainment."
In the AKB48 video "Maybe" you will see the girls peddling through 
(yep) "AKB48." That's a Tokyo postal code, a "zip code," an area of Tokyo 
where all of the original AKB48 Team K and A were born and raised, and 
after which they named their group.  By no means an upscale area, either. 
To the contrary...
If you enjoy this AKB48 video, please try "Maybe", staring the wonderful 
Yuko. She's a jewel. Search Maybe AKB48 here on YouTube. And, of course 
AKB48's very best, their "Heavy Rotation. Do NOT miss it.
Allantae J. Surely you recall the author C. S. Forester's remark about 
vaginas. "We guys came out of one and we spend the rest of our life trying 
to get back in them." Do you find his observation obscene?
informatively: japan has the biggest popular music industry on earth, far 
ahead of the U.S., yet japan's population is much smaller than ours. it has 
the world's biggest film industry, as well. It's a very wealthy and 
ferociously hard-working country that apparently needs a lot of 
entertainment. I lived there a spell. nice country, nice people, nice 
girls.
Allantae J. Times have changed. Since the success of the all-girl Russian 
pop group "Pussy Riot", I believe the noun "pussy" has become a tolerable 
if not yet acceptable synonym for the vagina. I do not find pussy 
objectionable or obscene. But, OK, I'm a dirty old man....
As you may know if you are an AKB48 fan, one of the girls was stabbed in 
pubic last year.
It's amazing that when you watch this you can't see how they nearly died 
during this concert and acchan was actually hospitalized and literally 
every single one of them was suffering. They still smiled so big and 
performed an incredible show. They're truly unbelievably amazing. 
寒いから、
カチューシャ。
このオレンジver.もかわいらしくてイイ！
これこそAKBだね(_)
あっちゃん可愛い
acchan!!!!!!
THEY ARE SO KAWAII ^.^
確かに
milky so cute!! :D
so summer!! I love it!!
もっちぃー
Acchan is radiant as usual :D
ゆうこ
あっちゃんかわええ
Acchan senter di lagu ebikachu dan manatsu sendiri pas sayokuru langdung 
empat...beda...
このころ優子神推しだったからあっちゃんの魅力に気付かなかった。 さっしー嫌いじゃないけど、ここまで輝かないと思う
あっちゃん最高！！ 本当に可愛い
このうらで過呼吸でぶっ倒れてるあっちゃんを 知ってるわけですよ…。 ドSやな…うちら…
yeah keep shaking babies
あっちゃん 戻ってこい（＞＜）
acchan , tomochin!
Will be miss Acchan... she the best center :(
優子が一番ー 優子ちゃんの時代到来っ（≧∇≦）
可愛い!!
1:19~1:21のとこのあっちゃんの声サイコー！！
PERFECTION!
なんだかんだあっさんの存在感すごいな
あっちゃん笑ってる時まぢ可愛い!
あっちゃんの笑顔がかわいすぎる＞＜ 特に1:57の辺り
they so good ! 
彩姉可愛い＞＜ もっと写して！ 歌唱力もダンスも可愛さも抜群なんだから♪
あっちゃん可愛い。
It is very nice. 
みんな、かわいイ
