6 year anniversary for this video.
進撃の巨人のネタ動画からこの曲に辿りついた
634,576
この曲かっけえのにおばはんてｗｗｗｗｗｗｗｗ
This is still my favorite opening of any show!
One of the most epic opening songs I"ve ever heard.
Kajick582 this anime is canaan
And the second Op by faylan
@Allison line the first opening of mirai nikki is singed by yousei teikoku
ちょwwwwwwおばはーんwwwwww
いいよね
same! for a split second i thought Canaan was Jo, but then i saw Alphard 
next to her and i was like oops wait that's Canaan hahaha
SAO? MIRAI NIKKI? hahahahahahah no
Black Lagoon rocks, Mirai Nikki - weirdly nice, HSOD - kick ass and sexy, 
FMA iconic. Never watch the other two, guess I will =) Hellsing too is 
quite kick ass.
Kind of confusing I guess. Blogs exist with five pages explaining the 
story. But still very enjoyable !
誰かこの歌でGANTZmad作ってくれないかな...(´・ω・`)
And you're telling me this why?
Black Lagoon, Sword Art Online, Mari Nikki, High school of the Dead. 
FullMetal Alchemist Brotherhood or Spice and wolfs. Some of the most kick 
ass animes you will ever watch, 
OP始まる度にゾワッってする からのあのアニメの完成度 素晴らしい限りだ(^ω^)
かっこいい！！
あれ、カナンちっちゃいぞ
could have sworn this was a Bakeratsu Tenshi (Burst Angel) image at first
英語力が無いから空耳として届く
進撃の巨人から
one does not simply forget this anime.
Most badass opening ever!
か、かっこいい...(恍惚
THE BESSSSTTTTTT!!!
かっこいいー！
かっけー！
SECRET WEAPON!!!
Yes , it is
Oh God yes!
オバハンとか言ってるやつおもんないんだが
Is Canaan a great anime?
Lol I love the anime and song!
オバハンにしか聞こえんｗ
さいこー
かっけぇ！
Canaan it is. Pretty good written in video's description.
CANAAN
I don't know...
what anime is this?
This music is cool It is good music xH-Rx good
Does anyone else think that Canaan and Alphard are sisters or something?
i'm curious as to why caanan looked like alphard at the end of the series, 
whats the significanse of that? someone explained it along time ago but i 
forgot, if iu know please tell me
I just finished this anime on Netflix and thought it was awesome! It needs 
a second season, though.
4 people was assassinate by Cannan
Keep your pace
This music kicks so much ass! The anime was good too. I love Faylan's music 
so much!
Feel the same way
Ha ha suckers I can't stop it 
I enjoyed this anime. While the plot wasn't the most unique, the characters 
were very likable and most were memorable. It had a good blend of comedy 
and tragedy to it and with enough realism that made it believable for me 
(as much as one could believe anime series). The only issue I have with it 
was it was too short and left me wanting more. I'd recommend it to anyone 
who likes modern era gun-totting action animes with a sci-fi twist.
I suggest you not to watch it with high hopes, just watch it for fun. This 
anime is rushed and somewhat cliche. The plot wasn't unique in any 
particular way, it's your standard rescuing the world from a virus, and 
willing to sacrifice anything for your friend etc. etc.. It reminds me of 
Black Lagoon(Both have some dark organizations behind the scene, and badass 
heroines) and Guilty Crown. The character developments are meh, mainly 
focused on the two heroines only. I'd give it a 7/10.
Whats the anime about OwO sounds bad ass in my head i see two people 
fighting for there lives
I love faylan's music so much :)
Yes I am! w00t! \m/
fellow Mizuki fan discovered!!
Good! lol
the anime is exactly about that, lol
Does it have hot, badass chicks kicking some ass? :D
Canaan. One of the most kick ass animes you will ever watch!
What anime is this song from agian? I forgot.
Dudeski synesthesia is when someone has the ability to discern colors from 
just visual means. She's got white hair cuz of that virus thing, 
synesthesia has nothing to do with it.
I feel its because she looks up to Alphard in the end. Alphard severs her 
tattooed arm in their final fight, relinquishing her dependence on the 
past. Canaan respects (and probably admires) that, and thus seeks to become 
more like her in that regard. 
i was wondering why does caanan end up looking like alphard at the end of 
the series?
Canaan's Hair is white for two reasons 1: In the Anime, It's explained as 
being a result of her Synesthesia 2: White Hair symbolizes Special powers
Caanan is white hair cauz of synesthesia which is the hability caanan has.
love this anime and this song ^^
maybe there should be canaan "zero" , the story from the game
Why not?
niceee!!! >w< my best anime *w*!! <3
thanks 
Canaan ~ 
What anime is this?????
i miss this anime :( why no 2nd season?
LMAO
CANAAN！！
Female Dante and Vergil. And I shit you not: I was going to say this before 
I read the comments :P
yup :) . . No.6 for ever!
Finally someone who knows Sion/Shion and Nezumi X3 (and ur right, with 
Nezumi's short hair that's totally his female counterpart up there lol)
for me, they are like the female Shion and Nezumi 
its a great anime.. most things that have type-moon behind them do well, 
and this is certainly one of them. i just finished the series yesterday. 
short but really good. the end made me cry a bit tbh.. but it was really 
good!
OMG...female Kanda and Allen...O.O
AWESOME SONG.. JUST.. AWESOME. If you disliked this video, you clearly do 
NOT know the meaning of AWESOME.
Never watched this anime. But.. Well I don't know if I should try it. 
Hmm... I thought Seikon no Qwaser was pretty stupid until I watched it, 
then I was like "HOLY SHIT THIS IS AWESOME!" I wonder if I'll be the same 
way with this. I SHALL TRY IT.
WOOT WOOT WOOT WOOT SPA<M SPA<M 
Epic show EPIC Song
Fuck yes ! amazing anime too
@tomeehana Omg same XD 
I love the beginning when the singers voice goes all high and then comes 
the countdown 
@rainnydays13 umm dont mind ''tomeehana's'' comment it was me sorry XD
@rainnydays13 i never heard about this anime i only heard the music in an 
amv to aru majutsu no index
That song so similar to 1 anime song. cant remember name D: (dont mean 
canaan ofc xD I mean that Canaan song is similar to 1 other anime song)
@Ankolover19 Just look up Canaan on Google Images. There should be a result 
somewhere in there.
Where did you got that picture?
@bluetomz Me too!! Something about the countdown just get me excited for 
the rest of the song! haha 
The First Japanese song I ever Memorised
love the countdown at the beginning @_@
Faylan needs to do a song with Nana Mizuki, as they both are epic for chicks
