この歌すきだわ
great opening, but the nightcore version not bedder than the original ty 
for upload
I don't know a thing about this anime, but I'll sure ad it in my watching 
list! I love this opening a lot! I heard it in a nightcore mix and couldn't 
help but searched for it xD
I can't go a day without listening to this. I finished the anime months ago
I still can't figure out if that girl really was an adult or just a child 
living in a town where toddlers can drink alcohol
luv this song
I'm on fire...
oh... i love 1:12 
that part is amazing
toaru kagaku no railgun s is just to long with fights... come on 3 episodes 
for beating one girl and 2 for beating accelorator!
At 0:00 Komori !
They should make the Accelearator x Last Order Anime ^^ 
They should just make the last order and accelerator anime already
インデックスwwww
Aogami. Bitch please.
Please Tsuchimikado is amazing.
It is compared to To Aru Majutsu no Index because the Railgun series is a 
spin off to Index, and Railgun is quite good but it doesnt have as much 
action and fights as Index does~
この曲が1番好き(^-^)b
first season has too much slice of life the 2nd season is far better, i 
prefer index tho
better.
yes it is
How is this compared to To Aru Majutsu no Index? Is it as good?
2期おでめとう(^o^)
2 people got blasted by Misa's rail gun.
They're all so awesome!! Especially Mikoto and Kuroko
Misaka is one of my favorite characters along with Accelerator.
His lifestory has been a sad and touching one with an eternal redemption to 
pay.
Die fangirl and your one thumb-upper too, since you can thumbs yourself up.
then i wish last order will be include as one of the leads.
i would like a stories of saten, it would be named : :"toaru futsuu no 
onnanoko" it should be good :D
it would most likely be named: "To Aru Keisan no Accelerator" :)
@Overlimed what would it be named though? .-..
i would like side story with Accelerator =3
0:39 They should make another spinoff. A spinoff of this spinoff. And it 
should revolve around Mitsuko, Kinuho, and Maaya. I would watch the shit 
out of that show.
anime name is To Aru Kagaku No Railgun
@missmegabug (*pssst*, the index/railgun series is awesome)
I have no idea what this series is about, but it looks totally bad ass!!!!
@burdenuponsociety I'd suggest that you finish NT 1.
@ppaaccoojrf Hmm, if you haven't read the books, please don't read onward, 
as there are a few spoilers... Touma loses complete importance by the end 
of the first books series, as he is killed off in the last battle. Now that 
he's gone, the author's made a new series with shiage and accelerator as 
the main characters.
A Certain Magical Index spotted at 0:38
@DragoonBoom Wait, I disagree. Yeah, Index has close to 0 importance by now 
(she's still a mcguffin, but yeah), but you can't say Touma is close to 
losing screen time. And the only one featured prominently from the ones I 
mentioned was Accelerator, and it's because he is second protagonist of the 
series. Though yeah, the third season _might_ actually go the way you're 
saying.
@ppaaccoojrf You're forgetting that these characters practically hijacked 
index, because the main protagonists are so boring. So technically they got 
their own spinoff; the show itself.
@Galeontanilla Not really, since the rest of novels would get animated as 
Index III (and Index NT, eventually). If they actually do a season 2 of 
Railgun they'd have to be careful to not interfere with the events in 
Index, but it's possible since Mikoto does have lots of free time on both 
seasons... unfortunately. It all depends on the original manga though.
@DragoonBoom You're forgetting Accelerator and the clones. And Tsuchimikado 
and the rest of GROUP. And Itsuwa and Shiage, though they don't really do 
much as far as the anime goes. Though yeah Mikoto is the best of them all.
damn m&m's, they had me thinking they were important the whole second part 
of the story.
0:38 index????
@megaman3241 Because railgun is like the only good character in index, she 
got her own series. So its a spin-off if that means anything to you.
Kuroko was so cool evading those explosions...
Awesometheme song, too bad the series ended.
Awesome cong
it already came out before this video was posted type in とある科学の超電磁砲 OP2 / 
fripSide LEVEL5Judgelight
yes =)
Hehe, nevermind, forgot to look down in the comments. PerceptionFailure!
When does the full version come out?
I live this opening even more then the first. Theres something so sad and 
yet inspiring about this one.
Feb 17, 2010. =]
you know whe the full version is coming out ?? ty
Yup there were definitely Index and Touma at 0:38
Sweet as! Just as good as 'Only My Railgun'! btw did I just see Index!? 0_0 
0:38
